- [Instructor] In this lesson, we're going to take a look
at how we can provide configuration to JSON-B
to control its behavior when it's serializing
and deserializing from JSON to Java.
So, we're going to get started within the order endpoint.
And what we're going to do is use the JsonbConfig object
and we'll just call it config,
and there's the new operator and the constructor
to create this object.
And now we have a configuration object
that we can use to provide all sorts of configuration
to JSON-B regarding how we would like it to behave.
So, you can see quite a few configurations here
that we can set, we're just going to go ahead
and set the with formatting option,
and we'll set that to true,
and that's going to cause it to pretty-print our JSON.
So, we will get some new lines in there
and it will be easier to read.
And then all we need to do is pass that configuration
into our JSON builders create method.
And it will be applied when we serialize our JSON.
The other thing I'm going to do is,
I'm going to uppercase our JSON string
that we are sending to our JMS queue.
So, typically that would cause an issue,
but what we can do over in the JMS consumer
is we can provide it some configuration
so, once again, we're going to be using the
JsonbConfig object, and I'll name it config,
and then we'll use the new operator
as well as the constructor to create an instance
of the JSON-B configuration object,
and then we can set the case sensitivity of JSON-B
by using the width property naming strategy.
So here we're able to define a strategy that JSON-B will use
when it is matching the properties and the field names.
In our case, we're just going to use
the case insensitive configuration
so it will not matter that we uppercased
our entire JSON string over on our JMS producer.
And then we just need to make sure that we pass
that configuration object into our JSON builder
so that it applies.
Okay, with that in place, let's go ahead.
We can start up our server,
and just run through an example here.
There we see the server starting,
we'll get our PowerShell script ready.
Let's clear our consol.
And then we'll go ahead, run our PowerShell script.
And there you can see that we did get our JSON printed out.
It is using the formatting and everything's in uppercase.
And you notice the JMS consumer
was able to conceive that JSON
which was all uppercased and it didn't care
about the case sensitivity
when it performed the matching and the deserialization.
Okay, so just a look at how we can provide
some configuration to JSON-B.
Take a look at the docs,
a lot of ways we can customize it's behavior.